At this current time we've been man and wife for...
Since October 29th.
Yeah, since last October.
Okay. You said amazing adventure.
Yes, because we had to fight long and hard.
I don't think people thought that we would actually get married.
I think a few people thought it would just be a passing phase and fizzle out.
And then one day we just said...
Because we got engaged...
Was it last February or the year before?
I think it was the year before.
On Valentine's Day.
And Steve proposed to me in his bedroom.
Got the kitchen staff from here to prepare a lovely meal.
It was steak and chocolate pudding, wasn't it?
And foam cocktail.
It was.
And halfway through he asked me to marry him.
Do you remember what exactly you said, Steve?
Basically just asked you...
You hid it from me, didn't you?
Yeah, I hid it for quite a while but in the end I asked you if you'd like to be my wife.
You did. You hid it all day, didn't you?
And kept saying that I was to dress casually but I wasn't to come to your room, was I?
No.
No, and I didn't know why.
And the care support staff, because I've got a special table to eat with, the care support staff...
Steve sneakily got that down there as well so he didn't have to assist me.
And so he was very cunning but it was beautiful.
And we had the table all done out, the kitchen did the table all done nice and...
And that is a memory that will always stay a beautiful memory.
Were you frightened and were saying no and then he's destroying the friendship?
Well, I was worried because I thought, well, how would you both feel if she was to say no?
And then we're living in the same place.
And we're all...
Yeah, as you say, we're all together sort of thing and you'd always be thinking, wouldn't you?
But as things happened, I didn't have to worry about that for long.
The only time you had to worry about that was when you had to marry me.
Yeah.
How did you feel when you heard him say those words?
I was shocked. I didn't think I'd ever be in that situation again. Never.